so pour your latest projects is in the
Cartoon Network can you tell us a bit
about it and I came around its which are
in Ardoin production and I went along to
an audition and it was kind of quite
timid a bother the calibre of personnel
knocking around the waiting room and I
didn't really think it was gonna happen
but it did
I don't think they knew exactly what
they were looking for I'll play the big
evil building the piece who's a mutant
shark ain't no who's in this little jar
called dr. wasabi and I run wasabi world
mm-hmm and I went in and did a few
things and and got it so that's to not
do doctor
my favorite kind of yeah yeah you know
why not cuz I feel different I took I
couldn't I kind of loved doing it at the
time because it felt really edgy and I
don't think it would be genuinely
edginess mm-hm I think that's what gave
it that's what made it different it was
the you know jewelry thing you know I
think you had to know I keep wondering
when the next one's going to turn up but
maybe he went to because people have
booty conscious of career implications
if they upset the wrong people I didn't
really plan to stay in the business or I
didn't really know what was doing so I
pull up potential employers
I was back milking cows on the kibbutz
the year after I finished
really until these are here and got
banned at the moment the mic strike
group so we've been we've supported the
New York Times a couple these councils
incredible I've never seen one of my
ambitions was to see them so to be
supporting this incredible so that's the
whole being right and I do want Elmo to
miss playing in bridge it just brings
out my inner Iggy Pop what about pt9
I've loved it loved The Libertines I saw
a few songs you know they were he was
like seeing the class all over again you
know I think he's amazing
I don't know what we see sir yeah he's
coming up to say nothing give much
darlings about 26 or something still
well he went past the twenty-seven
wonderful Club but I just find maybe
he's been apparently an old I mean this
picture the pictures of Amy Winehouse
these days he's in pain I just so
depressing yeah ghastly yeah it's just a
horror show
do you think it's affected her talent
you know see I guess it's all part of a
talent you know she grew up dreaming
about being one of these people who
wrote these incredible songs that was
blighted was a very painful life you
know it's affected her voice though now
my whether done yeah she might never
record another album but I've always
liked one out in bands you know x-ray
Spex always my favorite or anyway
whatever mmm that's how I like to see
pennies one album back